Stella and her mom have just moved a few weeks ago to the small town of Somerfield. They’ve been around just for a few days, 
but Stella isn’t the kind to stay at home and has many friends in the neighborhood already. Halloween is near the bend and Stella 
had never celebrated it in the way her friends tell her they do, so she is really excited about joining the fun this year. The idea 
of dressing up out of normal and go around asking for candies is just too sweet to pass on, so she spends the afternoons before working 
on a really impressive costume with her mom.

The so awaited night is here and Stella puts on her fabulous costume, she just loves it. A pair of jeans, a sweater with a cute unicorn on 
it, a small backpack for the candies and a pair of sports shoes. The result couldn’t be better. So it’s time to go out and about and fill 
the backpack with sweets and chocolates but as she opens the door she suddenly freezes at the image of all her friends and other kids 
dressed up as ghosts, vampires, witches, demons, etc. Her mom worries for a second, but just then Stella bursts into joy and happiness, 
she finds it completely normal, everyone was supposed to choose a costume out of what is routinary for them.

Later that evening, a few houses later, Stella is standing at a door waiting for the owner of the house to give out the candy. There are 
others waiting too, but one particular girl, about her age and dressed up as a witch, won’t stop staring at her in a rather confused look. 
Stella smiles back at her when she realizes, she assumes she likes her costume, after all, it is very realistic and well done. Moments 
later they are given the sweets and start leaving for the next door, but the girl just keeps looking at Stella as they leave.

Back to Stella's rooms, we can see her sleeping, with plenty of candy, sweets, and chocolates all over the place. Next morning, the 
routine is back. There’s class. Stella gets ready for the day. We can see a school bus, Stella dashes in front of it flying on her broom, 
she's late and in a rush. The girl from Halloween night is on that bus and looks out the window finally understanding. Stella is wearing 
everyday clothing and hat! She’s on her broom following the magic floating signs to school. It’s potions, again.

Both girls are so similar, yet each has their own “normality”.
